Update tidb-lightning-overview.md (#7504)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-overview.md

Currently, TiDB Lightning supports:

> - The data source of the [Dumpling](/dumpling-overview.md), CSV or standard parquet file such as [Amazon Aurora Parquet](/migrate-from-aurora-using-lightning.md) exported formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The export format of [Dumpling](/dumpling-overview.md), CSV or [Apache Parquet files as generated by Amazon Aurora](/migrate-from-aurora-using-lightning.md).
```

## Restrictions

1. If you use TiDB Lighting together with TiFlash:

> No matter a table has TiFlash replica(s) or not, you can import data to that table using TiDB Lightning. Note that this might slow the TiDB Lightning procedure, which depends on the NIC bandwidth on the lightning host, the CPU and disk load of the TiFlash node, and the number of TiFlash replicas.

Reviewer: ```
$ markdownlint tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-overview.md 
tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-overview.md: 54: MD029/ol-prefix Ordered list item prefix [Expected: 1; Actual: 2; Style: 1/2/3]
```

```suggestion
    No matter a table has TiFlash replica(s) or not, you can import data to that table using TiDB Lightning. Note that this might slow the TiDB Lightning procedure, which depends on the NIC bandwidth on the lightning host, the CPU and disk load of the TiFlash node, and the number of TiFlash replicas.
```

> 2. When using parquet file to import, lightning currently only accepts the data types supported in Amazon Aurora Parquet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When using Apache Parquet file to import, TiDB Lightning currently only accepts the data types supported in the Amazon Aurora Parquet format.
```
